---

                                    Bootcamp 2023
                                     Burger Shop

6th December 2023

OVERVIEW
Goal is to build an application for the burger shop which will accept an order from the customer and generate a bill for that order. But the condition for bill generation is that we need to optimize the bill for the customer so he/she needs to pay the least possible amount.
GOALS

1. Need a good UI screen for Burger shop. (can take example from pinterest or can create your own)
2. This mini project should cover all the topics we have covered in the past 2 weeks.
3. Users should see all the products in card list format on the home page.
4. Users should be able to search and filter the products as per category and name. (Meals, Veg, Non-veg, Fries, Sides, others)
5. Users should select the quantity of the products from the dropdown (Min 1 and max 9).
   6)Dropdown should appear on the product card.
   7)On click of the add button that product should get added in the cart.
   8)On clicking on the cart icon the user should redirect to the cart page where he/she can see all the added products.
   9)Users should be able to delete or add more products from cart
   10)On click of the checkout button user should be able to see 2 bills first he will see his actual bill as per his selection and he will see optimize bill generated by platform.(empty the cart once user click done)
   11)If possible store this generated bill as history in localstorage and list them in another separate page as previous orders.
   While generating bills accept user name and email address.

NOTES:
You can use localstorage or JSON files to store products in a dummy list. Can refer below product object format or make your own as per your requirements.
{
“id”: 1,
“name”: “Paneer Burger”,
“price”: 149,
“category”: “BURGER”,
“type”: “VEG”
},
{
“id”: 2,
“name”: “Chicken Burger”,
“price”: 199,
“category”: “BURGER”,
“type”: “NONVEG”
},
{
“id”: 3,
“name”: “Pepsi 6ooML”,
“price”: 99,
“category”: “DRINK”,
“type”: “VEG”
}

Same as above meals data should be stored separately with reference to the Product Id’s.
{
“id”: 100,
“name”: “Paneer meal”,
“price”: 199,
“category”: “MEAL”,
“type”: “VEG”,
“products”: [1, 3]
},
